[Music]
so will you be my maid of honor of
course I will I don't know what I'm
supposed to do just whatever throw the
bachelorette party yeah shower and let's
go meet the rest of the bridal party
punch it a couple times you remember my
cousin Rita they just bought a new house
it is gorgeous I wouldn't know I only
see the kitchen in the laundry room and
the ceiling in my bedroom sometimes the
floor this is Becca from work this is
your husband oh no I don't know him I'm
single I just so distraught when I was
single I'm fine being by myself
Becca this is dougie sister Megan you
must be a nice fella and not he's not
I'm not with him I'm glad he's single
because I'm gonna climb that like a tree
you have to meet Helen you're so pretty
did you come from work
what are we doing for the bachelorette
party what about like a princess theme
Versace meets the gold rush I'm thinking
tan gentlemen that swallow fire and wear
sarong female Fight Club
we Griesa surprise beat the crap out of
her
I don't hate it Vegas it is bed a dream
last night that we went down you were in
it what excuse me man please return to
your seats she's not great at flying I
have something that might help you relax
[Applause]
[Music]
you should come to Lynne's wedding with
me no oh this is some place
she's make it I'm sorry I want to
apologize I'm not even confident of
which in that came out of
[Music]
you